c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.AbilityManager.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.ClassOverview.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.EquipmentManager.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.ExperienceManager.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.Form1.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.MetadataManager.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\XcomPerkManager.exe.config
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\XcomPerkManager.exe.manifest
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\XcomPerkManager.application
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\XcomPerkManager.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\XcomPerkManager.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\EPPlus.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\bin\Debug\EPPlus.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.exe.manifest
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.application
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\David\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\XcomPerkManager\XcomPerkManager\obj\Debug\XcomPerkManager.StatManager.resources
